[YURI] If you're as
married as you say,
you're gonna have to
prove it to me somehow.
You gotta kiss her
right here and now.
Well, if that's all it takes.
Huh?
[YOR]
Wait, we're doing this?
I don't know what to expect!
Oh, actually, I think
I read somewhere
that your first kiss
tastes like lemons.
Well, that's lucky!
It'll go great with
this marinated fish.
Uh! Calm down, Yor!
Get a hold of yourself!
Shall we?
We certainly shall
in just one second!
[YOR] There's no way
I can do this sober.
Sorry 'bout the wait, honey.
Oh, uh, it's fine. We don't
have to if you don't want to.
Yeah, yeah, but I gotta keep up
'ppearances too, y'know?
Let's just do it.
[YURI] Whispering isn't
helping your case!
Are you two gonna
do this or not?!
I want you to prove that
you're really a married couple!
[YOR]
Be quiet, Yuri.
If y'just shut up and watch,
we'll show you exactly
how in love we are.
Here I come. Close your
eyes for me, darling.
Wait, I didn't mean--!
Uh, okay then, Yor.
Wait a second! Why are
you being so obscene?
[YURI]
Hey, Sis!
[YOR]
Hm?
Check it out!
I scored the highest
in my whole class!
That's wonderful!
You deserve a reward.
[gasps]
[YURI]
Sis, um, when I grow up...
[YOR]
Hm?
...I really wanna
marry you, okay?
[YOR]
Aww.
Well then, better grow
up soon! I'll be waiting.
[YURI]
No, I take it all back!
You can't go through with this!
I can't bear to see you kiss
another man in front of me!
Stop it!
[YOR]
Ah, I knew it.
I just can't!
[YOR]
No!
Izzit the end of the world?
Or like, a bomb?
Uh! Um, Yuri?
[YURI]
I see how it is, Sis.
You would even hurt me
for trying to stop you
from kissing him.
Guess that's just how badly
you wanna to smear your
lips all over the guy!
I was a fool to think
I was testing you,
when what was really being
tested were my own feelings!
Hey, uh, you know
you're bleeding, right?
Loid Forger. For now,
my sister's lips are all yours.
What?! What are you
talking about?!
[YURI]
Well, I let you win this round.
But don't forget--!
Bleeding, still.
[TWILIGHT] Is this just
normal for the Briars?
[YOR] Are you all right, Yuri?
You're about to fall over.
--[TWILIGHT] You're one to talk.
--I'm doin' fine.
But you're about to collapse.
[YOR]
Huh?
Should I call you a taxi?
I said I'm fine.
You are such a worrywart.
[TWILIGHT]
Whoa, there!
[growls] What's with
the damn smirk?
Are my failures
that amusing to you?
Oh, no. I was just
admiring your bond.
You must've always been
there for each other.
Yuri, thank you for
protecting Yor until now.
I know it can't have
been easy for you.
[YOR gasps]
Now she'll have me
supporting her
with everything I've got, too.
Let's work together to give her
the happiness she deserves.
Why would I ever want
help from a guy like you?
I'm going home!
[TWILIGHT]
Feel free to come back anytime!
I know Yor would like that,
and next time, maybe my
daughter will be awake.
Poor Anya, she tried so
hard to wait up for you,
but she just couldn't!
She's so adorable.
I know you'll love her!
[YURI]
Oh-ho-ho, I'll be back!
And not because you invited me!
It'll be to prove that
you tricked my sister
into marrying you, understand?
[YOR] I am not being tricked!
Have some faith!
Listen to me, Loid Forger.
If you make my sister
cry a single tear,
then I'll have you execu--
Um, well, you-you get it.
Just know that you'll rue
the day, y'hear me?
Be careful getting home!
And stop yelling, you'll
disturb the neighbors!
[TWILIGHT] Was he gonna say
"executed"? That's a concern.
[TWILIGHT]
No signs he bugged the place.
We got lucky; the Secret Police
are capable of anything.
And Yuri's got a grudge.
I'll have to keep an eye out.
By the way, Loid,
I wanted to thank you.
After the way he behaved,
it means a lot
that you'd still welcome
my brother into your family.
[TWILIGHT] It's obvious that
Yuri loves you very much, Yor.
As someone who doesn't
have close friends or family
except for my daughter, I admit,
I envy you two a little.
Is that true?
[TWILIGHT] And she's not
even my real daughter.
Well, in any case,
I'm glad that he didn't find
out about our big secret.
Yeah.
Boy, all the exhaustion
must be hitting me at once.
Why don't we finish cleaning
and head to bed?
Hold on! I forgot to fix
this. Gimme a minute.
Yeah. Okay.
You can do it. You gotta
save the world, Papa.
[YOR] Yuri, if you hit Loid,
I'll be so mad.
[TWILIGHT] I can't remember
the last time I felt envious.
Eh. I'm sure I'm just tired.
Too bad my mission never sleeps.
[YURI]
'Scuse me.
[BOTH]
Hm?
[BOTH gasp]
Which way's the station?
[BOTH]
You don't need a train, buddy,
you need an ambulance!
I'm awake. G'morning, please.
Oh, you're looking greener
than usual, Papa.
[TWILIGHT] I'm over here.
Go wake yourself up.
[YOR]
Huh?
Good morning, Anya.
[YOR] It's too bad you didn't
get to see Yuri last night.
[ANYA]
Huh? Who is that?
[YOR] Huh? But she was so
excited about meeting him!
[TWILIGHT] That certainly
was an eventful evening.
I'm sorry about that.
[TWILIGHT] Who'd have
thought Yor's brother
would act that way?
[ANYA]
Right! Unkie!
[TWILIGHT] And he's in
the Secret Police--
my greatest foe as a spy.
[ANYA]
The Secret Police?!
What's that?
[ANYA]
"Secret" plus "police"?
That sounds so cool!
Why didn't you wake me
up and introduce us?!
I can't believe I missed
my cool Unkie!
[TWILIGHT]
It meant that much to you?
[TWILIGHT] Well, at least
the storm's passed for now.
I need to focus on
Anya's education.
Now hurry up and eat
or you'll be late.
Don't worry, I'm sure
you'll meet him soon.
[TWILIGHT]
But is the threat really over?
Yor's brother is a
Secret Police member.
We never uncovered anything
suspicious about her though.
She doesn't seem
aware of his job,
and my gut says
she's still clear.
I mean, if she knew he worked
at the State Security Service,
she wouldn't be worried about
how they see her
"single" status.
No, it's dangerous to
act like I'm certain.
What if it was all a ruse
to get closer to me?
[TWILIGHT]
Suspect everything, Twilight.
Papa, Mama is--
[BOTH]
Hm?
She's what?
Mama is... bad at cooking.
Come on, I didn't even tell you
I made breakfast this morning!
Was it really that obvious?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I tried my best.
By the way, Yor.
What is it?
[TWILIGHT]
Uh, I just...
[TWILIGHT] Maybe putting
a listening device on her
is going too far.
No, I need to
silence any doubts.
Hesitation could mean death.
And not just for me, but for
tens of thousands of people.
I need to do this to
prove she's innocent.
You've just got something
on your collar.
Huh? Thanks for catching that.
[YOR]
That scared me.
I thought he was about to
give me a kiss goodbye!
[ANYA gasps]
[YOR] I guess I'm still
shaken from last night.
I can't kiss. I can't cook.
Loid managed to smooth
things over with Yuri,
but I'm sure my attempts at
seeming wifely were a disaster.
I could be imagining it,
but it's no wonder he
seems so distant today.
Maybe he's gotten sick of
me for being so useless
when the chips are down.
[TWILIGHT]
Gotta be on guard.
Is something wrong?
Mama, Papa, you two need
to be good and get along.
It's not like we're
fighting or anything.
Yeah, everything's okay.
[TWILIGHT]
While we're on the topic,
you need to get along
with your classmates.
[ANYA]
'Kay.
We should be on our way.
Yeah, let's go.
[TWILIGHT] Children are so
curiously perceptive at times.
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A]
Hey, Yuri.
You're looking pretty rough.
Weren't you just visiting
your sister yesterday?
I don't really remember
what happened.
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A]
You probably got drunk
and picked a fight
with her husband.
You really need to
quit drinking, kid.
[YURI] Well, a guy like
that doesn't deserve her.
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A]
Was he that bad?
[YURI]
I think... he was... a good guy.
But con men and spies always
try to act like good people.
Yeah, hopefully he's a spy,
then I can lock him up!
You gotta calm down.
Have any proof?
[YURI]
Shit!
I can't believe I totally forgot
to bug their living
room and bedrooms!
No, no, no!
If I'd done that and it
picked up on the sound
of Sis making those
kinda noises,
I wouldn't be able to handle it!
Now I get it. Self-inflicted.
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A]
You need to get over your sister
so you can concentrate
on your work.
Our objective is to catch spies,
and that Twilight character's
at the top of the list.
Think of it this way.
When the country's safe,
your sister's safe.
[YURI]
Yes, sir, I know.
[YURI] But Loid Forger,
the day you make my sister cry,
you won't be safe anywhere.
What's up with her?
I think she said, "I'm a failure
of a wife," or something.
Morning.
Oh. Hey, Sharon.
[SHARON]
Huh?
Are you really asking how
to become a good wife?
Why, is there
trouble in paradise?
I don't think I'd
say that exactly.
It's just, this is my first time
being with a man in general,
so I'm not sure if I'm,
you know, acting right.
[TWILIGHT] Our investigation
into Yor's past connections
left me wondering if she'd had
any previous relationships.
Guess not.
[YOR] I'm just worried things
will fall apart at this rate.
It doesn't help that
I'm a horrible cook
on top of everything else.
[TWILIGHT]
Anya's words really got to her.
It would seem that Yor is
trying to be more wife-like
for the sake of our
pretend family.
On the other hand, she could
also be trying to act like
the perfect wife to
pull one over on me.
[CAMILLA] Must be rough
when your husband's
clearly so far out
of your league.
[MILLIE] Why don't you
just break up already?
[YOR]
Uh, I'd like to avoid that.
[TWILIGHT] Yor's relationship
with her coworkers seems a bit--
what's the word?
[SECTION CHIEF A]
Hey, what are you doing?
That's enough talk,
back to work.
[CAMILLA]
Yes, sir!
[SECTION CHIEF A]
Say, Yor.
Do you think you could
go drop this off
at the post office for me?
[YOR]
Sure thing.
[TWILIGHT] Guess I'm not
gonna get a clear answer
until I take matters
into my own hands.
[YOR]
Come to think of it,
Loid and I have separate
bank accounts.
Maybe if I contributed
a bit of the money I make
from my real job to the family,
I'd be a little more
useful to him.
But I don't want him
suspicious of me either.
And I don't think
he ever mentioned
needing extra financial
support with our arrangement.
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A] You there,
could we have some of your time?
We have some questions.
[YOR]
Th-The Secret Police!
I'm sorry, did I do
something wrong, sir?
[YOR] Was it suspicious
that I was looking at ads
meant for families?
Am I such a bad wife
I don't even look taken?
[YOR] I-I-I'm married,
just so you know!
We're not hitting on you.
What are we even doing?
You call me outta nowhere
to come play dress up
so we can give your wife
the third degree?
[TWILIGHT] Just be quiet
and follow the plan.
It's part of my mission.
[FRANKY]
Yeah, and I'm not!
As a part of our postal
inspection duties, we read this.
You just tried to
mail it, didn't you?
We believe it contains a coded
message intended for the West.
Is the sender, Burns,
your superior?
Um, that's correct.
[FRANKY]
What's your name?
[YOR]
Yor Bri-- It's Yor Forger.
Well, wouldja look at that?
Yor Forger, eh?
That name is listed right
here as a "collaborator"!
That is quite the coincidence.
[TWILIGHT]
He's hamming it up.
So you're in on it together.
Wait, in on what?
There must be some mistake!
[FRANKY] Lying's only
gonna make this worse.
We apprehended someone in the
City Hall finance department
just the other day.
It seems the corruption there
spreads far and wide.
I heard about what happened
to that guy--nasty stuff.
Apparently, the torture
left him so messed up
that when he got
back to his cell,
he offed himself by tearing
out his own tongue.
And you know, there was another
chick just about your age
who got brought in last month.
That official's secretary?
[TWILIGHT] Don't go too
far with this, Franky.
Oh yeah, her.
She had a family member
in the SSS. We let her off.
[FRANKY]
One of the perks of the job.
Pretty cool that
our family members
can be let off the hook
for most allegations.
[TWILIGHT] Anyway, we're gonna
need to take you downtown.
[TWILIGHT]
If she's aware Yuri works
for the State Security Service,
she could stop this by
mentioning his name.
There's no reason to keep his
secret from his coworkers,
and if she lets the
situation escalate,
it'll only be that
much harder to fix.
Come on, Yor.
If you're in on this,
call your brother for help.
And if you're not...
Excuse me.
I work hard every day for
the citizens of this country.
I'd never participate
in espionage.
There's no use playing dumb!
Just shut up and come
with us already.
Ah! Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
Sorry, but I believe
I told you I'm married.
So please don't touch me.
Hey, lady, you realize
you're putting your family
in danger by doing this?
[YOR] My younger brother
and husband are both kind
and upstanding
members of society.
If you're suggesting you intend
to harm them in some way...
[gasps]
...then frankly I don't
care who you work for,
I'll show no mercy!
Hey, Second Lieutenant Mop,
are you certain
about this cipher?
What? Well, of course I'm--
Ah! What the hell?
This isn't the racoon cipher.
It's the caterpillar cipher!
[TWILGIHT]
Then if we decode it right,
this is a letter Burns sent to
a renowned hemorrhoids doctor.
I see. He used a cipher
because he was embarrassed.
He should know better.
So yes, it would appear
we had the wrong idea.
Your name isn't on here.
You're free to go.
Though I suggest you
keep this matter
a secret for Burns's sake.
[FRANKY]
That felt like a bad prank.
Considering the way she acted,
it's pretty clear to me that
she has no connections
with the Secret Police.
Oh, come on, what's wrong?
Don't tell me you feel
guilty for doubting her.
[TWILIGHT]
I don't.
I've warned you before,
you gotta keep your
emotions outta this.
This is the job
we signed up for.
If you wanna stay alive,
you can't trust anyone.
That's just the way it is.
[TWILIGHT] Don't lecture
me wearing that face.
[FRANKY screams]
[FRANKY] But you're the one
who made it for me!
Damn it! I thought I could land
a few chicks with that on!
My precious hot-guy
face is ruined!
[TWILIGHT] Deceiving a woman
that you're dating
is a terrible idea.
[FRANKY]
Are you freaking kidding me?!
[YOR]
Today was rough.
I can't believe I
was almost arrested.
I went from worrying I
wasn't a good enough wife
to nearly ruining
my entire family.
Yor, what a coincidence.
Hey there, Loid.
[TWILIGHT]
Perfect timing.
Why don't we go home together?
Oh, there's something
on your collar again.
Sorry I'm such a wreck.
I'm no good at this.
What kind of wife
doesn't even notice
when her clothes are dirty?
[TWILIGHT] Well, if you
ask me, you're not alone.
I think plenty of
families out there
have someone playing a part.
They tell themselves,
"This is how a wife should act"
or, "This is what parents do."
Striving to live up to one's
ideals is admirable, of course.
But if you dwell
on that too much,
it's easy to lose
sight of who you are
and where your true
strengths lie.
In fact, a lot of the
patients at my hospital
are struggling for
that very reason.
It's exhausting, putting on
an act every waking moment.
Definitely.
Just be yourself.
That's all you need to do.
And if you're confident,
the less people will
suspect anything.
Plus, I'm sure Anya'd be happier
seeing you with a
smile on your face.
[YOR]
Thank you for that. I...
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
I'm truly grateful that
I married you, Loid.
[FRANKY] Don't tell me you feel
guilty for doubting her.
Hm? What did you
just throw away?
Nothing. Just the lint
from your collar.
But anyway, we never
did anything to celebrate
our one-year
anniversary, did we?
Why don't we get some
cake on the way home?
[YOR]
Good idea!
[ANYA]
Hey Papa! Hey, Mama!
I'm back home from school!
Welcome home, Anya.
How was your day?
You okay?
You're getting along!
Like I wanted!
I told you before,
we weren't ever fighting
in the first place.
[YOR]
Guess what? We bought a cake!
[ANYA]
Whoa! I want cake!
[TWILIGHT]
Hey, don't jump.
You're going to bother
the people downstairs.
[inaudible]